
Ben,

I haven’t tested yet, but I believe the sign-in issue will be resolved. We may have to change some of our shortcuts in the site if necessary, to point to the our new Prev sign-in page instead of the actual sign-in page.

The signin shortcut is a system shortcut for signing in. It used to point to sign_in page. Now that you have modified that page and moved the actual sign_in page to sign-in-form, I modified the signin shortcut to reflect that.

I have a feeling this will change the loginURL used in the reset password email.

I’m only telling you now, I’ll update the others once tested. I’m also creating a little flow chart of join/renew and sign-in so we can easily see how the paths are operating.
______________________________________________
https://www.grantinterface.com/Home/Logon?urlkey=wsma
_____________________________________________

Best Practices in Patient Communication
http://wsma.org/WSMA/Resources/Clinical_Quality/Clinical_Performance_Improvement_Network/CPIN_Archived_Videos/Best_Practices_in_Patient_Communication.aspx

Choosing Wisely - A Clinical Toolkit for Consumer Engagement
http://wsma.org/WSMA/Resources/Clinical_Quality/Clinical_Performance_Improvement_Network/CPIN_Archived_Videos/Choosing_Wisely_-_A_Clinical_Toolkit_for_Consumer_Engagement.aspx

Coaching: An Effective Tool to Improve Wellbeing and Optimize Professional Fulfillment
http://wsma.org/WSMA/Resources/Practice_Management/OnDemand/coaching_an_effective_tool_to_improve_wellbeing_and_optimize_professional_fulfillment.aspx

Communicating Effectively During Times of Stress
http://wsma.org/WSMA/Resources/Practice_Management/OnDemand/communicating_effectively_during_times_of_stress.aspx

COVID-19 Testing, Treatment, Vaccines, and Lasting Impact: A Panel Discussion
http://wsma.org/WSMA/Resources/Practice_Management/OnDemand/Covid_19_Testing_Treatment_Vaccines_And_Lasting_Impact_A_Panel_Discussion.aspx

COVID-19 Vaccines: Clinical Trials and the Response Plan
http://wsma.org/WSMA/Resources/Practice_Management/OnDemand/covid_19_vaccines_clinical_trials_and_the_response_plan.aspx

Cultural Agility: Creating Sustainable Systemic Change in Health Care
http://wsma.org/WSMA/Resources/Practice_Management/OnDemand/cultural_agility_creating_sustainable_systemic_change_in_health_care.aspx

Dealing with ERISA claims; WSMA advocacy with U.S. Department of Labor
http://wsma.org/WSMA/Resources/Practice_Management/OnDemand/dealing_with_erisa_claims;_wsma_advocacy_with_us_department_of_labor.aspx

Health Equity Strategies in Practice: Learnings from the Field
http://wsma.org/WSMA/Resources/Practice_Management/OnDemand/Health_Equity_Strategies_In_Practice_Learnings_From_The_Field.aspx

Inpatient Management of COVID-19 Patients
http://wsma.org/WSMA/Resources/Practice_Management/OnDemand/inpatient_management_of_covid_19_patients.aspx

LGBTQ Health Care
http://wsma.org/WSMA/Resources/Practice_Management/OnDemand/lgbtq_health_care.aspx

Mapping Your Path to Value-Based Care
http://wsma.org/WSMA/Resources/Practice_Management/OnDemand/mapping_your_path_to_value_based_care.aspx

Medical Records Management: Solutions for Physician Practices
http://wsma.org/WSMA/Resources/Practice_Management/OnDemand/Medical_Records_Management__Solutions_for_Physician_Practices.aspx

Opioids and Telehealth in a Pandemic
http://wsma.org/WSMA/Resources/Practice_Management/OnDemand/opioids_and_telehealth_in_a_pandemic.aspx

Outpatient Testing of Patients for COVID-19
http://wsma.org/WSMA/Resources/Practice_Management/OnDemand/outpatient_testing_of_patients_for_covid_19.aspx

Preparing Your Practice for Providing Outpatient Care During COVID-19 and Beyond
http://wsma.org/WSMA/Resources/Practice_Management/OnDemand/preparing_your_practice_for_providing_outpatient_care_during_covid_19_and_beyond.aspx

Staying Open, Staying Safe: Washington State’s COVID-19 Playbook
http://wsma.org/WSMA/Resources/Practice_Management/OnDemand/staying_open_staying_safe_washington_states_covid_19_playbook.aspx

Telehealth: The Rapid Evolution to Full-Scale Implementation
http://wsma.org/WSMA/Resources/Practice_Management/OnDemand/Telehealth_The_Rapid_Evolution_To_Full_Scale_Implementation.aspx

The 3 Most Important Benefits of Implementing a Medical Scribe Program
http://wsma.org/WSMA/Resources/Practice_Management/OnDemand/The_3_Most_Important_Benefits_of_Implementing_a_Medical_Scribe_Program.aspx

The COVID-19 Population Health Approach
http://wsma.org/WSMA/Resources/Practice_Management/OnDemand/the_covid_19_population_health_approach.aspx

Understanding New OIC Prior Authorization Rules
http://wsma.org/WSMA/Resources/Practice_Management/OnDemand/understanding_new_oic_prior_authorization_rules.aspx

_____________________________________________






For Website	Shortcut	URL or Content Record	Description

All Sites
acp-cpt-codes
https://wsma.org/doc_library/PracticeResourceCenter/HealthInsurers/WSMA_OnePage-AdvanceCarePlanning-final-web.pdf

All Sites
Advance-directives
@/WSMA/Resources/Advance_Care_Planning/Advance_Directives/Advance_Directives

All Sites
advertise
@/WSMA/Services/Advertise_With_Us/Advertise_With_Us

All Sites
annual-meeting
https://wsma.org/WSMA/Events/Annual_Meeting/WSMA/Events/Annual_Meeting/Annual_Meeting.aspx

All Sites
BasicACPModules
@/WSMA/Resources/Advance_Care_Planning/Basic_Advance_Care_Planning_Course/basic_advance_care_planning_course

All Sites
benefits
@/WSMA/Membership/Why_Join_the_WSMA_/Member_Benefits

All Sites
better-prescribing
@/WSMA/Resources/Opioids/Better_Prescribing_Better_Treatment/better_prescribing_better_treatment

All Sites
Calendar
@/WSMA/Events/Calendar/Calendar_of_Events

All Sites
Career-center
@/WSMA/Resources/Career_Center/Career_Center

All Sites
Careers
@/WSMA/Resources/Career_Center/Career_Center

All Sites
Choosing-wisely
@/WSMA/Resources/Clinical_Quality/Choosing_Wisely/Choosing_Wisely

All Sites
Cme
@/WSMA/Services/CME_Services/Become_an_Accredited_Provider_/Become_an_Accredited_Provider

All Sites
CME-Process-Guide
@/WSMA/Services/CME_Services/Become_an_Accredited_Provider_/CME_Process_Guide

All Sites
CompleteCME
@/WSMA/Services/CME_Services/Get_CME_for_Your_Activity/Get_CME_for_Your_Activity

All Sites
county-info
@/WSMA/Membership/Join_Renew/County_Information

All Sites
Courses
@/Shared_Content/Contacts/ContactLayouts/Courses

All Sites
covid19
@/WSMA/Resources/COVID-19/COVID-10_Response

All Sites
covid-19
@/WSMA/Resources/COVID-19/COVID-10_Response

All Sites
covid19-patient
@/WSMA/Resources/COVID-19/COVID-19_Patient_Education/covid_19_patient_education

All Sites
covid-19-patient
@/WSMA/Resources/COVID-19/COVID-19_Patient_Education/covid_19_patient_education

All Sites
covid19-prepare
@/WSMA/Resources/COVID-19/COVID-10_Response

All Sites
Cpin
@/WSMA/Resources/Clinical_Quality/Clinical_Performance_Improvement_Network/Clinical_Performance_Improvement_Network

All Sites
Dues
@/WSMA/Membership/Join_Renew/Dues_Categories

All Sites
dues-payment-information
@/WSMA/Membership/Join_Renew/Dues_Categories

All Sites
Early-Career-Sections
@/WSMA/Membership/Early_Career_Sections/Early_Career_Sections

All Sites
effective-board-governance
@/WSMA/Physician_Leadership/Effective_Board_Governance/Effective_Board_Governance
Effective Board Governance Course

All Sites
flu
@/WSMA/Resources/Influenza/Influenza

All Sites
forum
@/WSMA/Membership/Discussion_Forums/virtual_reference_committees

All Sites
foundation
@/WSMA/About/WSMA_Foundation/WSMA_Foundation
WSMA Foundation

All Sites
get-involved
@/WSMA/Membership/Why_Join_the_WSMA_/Get_Involved

All Sites
health-care-reform
@/WSMA/Advocacy/Health_Care_Reform/Health_Care_Reform

All Sites
Impact-report
@/WSMA/Membership/Why_Join_the_WSMA_/Our_Impact

All Sites
join
@/WSMA/Membership/Join_Renew/Join_Renew

All Sites
join-renew
@/WSMA/Membership/Join_Renew/Join_Renew

All Sites
join-wsma
@/WSMA/Membership/Join_Renew/Join_Renew

All Sites
knowyourchoices
@/WSMA/Resources/Clinical_Quality/Know_Your_Choices_Ask_Your_Doctor/Know_Your_Choices_Ask_Your_Doctor

All Sites
know-your-choices
@/WSMA/Resources/Clinical_Quality/Know_Your_Choices_Ask_Your_Doctor/Know_Your_Choices_Ask_Your_Doctor

All Sites
law-guide
@/WSMA/Resources/Legal/Physicians_Guide_to_Health_Law/Washington_Physicians_Guide_to_Health_Law
Physicians' Law Guide

All Sites
ldc
@/WSMA/Events/LDC/leadership_development_conference

All Sites
ldcsyllabus
@/WSMA/Events/LDC/Syllabus/LDC_2019
LDC 2019 Syllabus

All Sites
legislative
@/WSMA/Advocacy/Legislative_Regulatory/Legislative_Regulatory

All Sites
legislative-action
@/WSMA/Advocacy/Legislative_Regulatory/Legislative_Regulatory

All Sites
legislative-summit
@/WSMA/Events/Legislative_Summit/Legislative_Summit

All Sites
Macra
@/WSMA/Resources/Health_Insurers/MACRA/MACRA

All Sites
MemberResourceCtr
@/WSMA/Resources/For_Members/member_resource-center

All Sites
memo
@/WSMA/News_Publications/Newsletters/WSMA_Membership_Memo

All Sites
NotoBandO
@/WSMA/Advocacy/Legislative_Regulatory/No_to_B_and_O/no_to_b_and_o_

All Sites
Opioid-clinical-guidance
@/WSMA/Resources/Opioids/Opioids

All Sites
Opioid-resources
@/WSMA/Resources/Opioids/Opioids

All Sites
Opioids
@/WSMA/Resources/Opioids/Opioids

All Sites
physician-leadership
@/WSMA/Physician_Leadership/Physician_Leadership

All Sites
physician-locator
@/WSMA/Resources/Find_a_Doctor/Find_a_Doctor

All Sites
physicianwellness
@/WSMA/Resources/Physician_Wellness/Physician_Wellness

All Sites
policies
@/WSMA/About/Policies/Policies

All Sites
polst
@/WSMA/Resources/Advance_Care_Planning/POLST/POLST

All Sites
polst-for-patients
@/WSMA/Resources/Advance_Care_Planning/POLST/POLST

All Sites
polst-for-providers
@/WSMA/Resources/Advance_Care_Planning/POLST/POLST

All Sites
press-releases
@/WSMA/News_Publications/Press_Room/Press_Releases

All Sites
press-room
@/WSMA/News_Publications/Press_Room/Press_Room

All Sites
privacy
@/Shared_Content/Footer/Privacy_and_Policies

All Sites
renew
@/WSMA/Membership/Join_Renew/Join_Renew

All Sites
reports
@/WSMA/News_Publications/Newsletters/WSMA_Reports

All Sites
Resident-Fellow-Application
https://wsma.org/doc_library/membership/join_renew/wsma_res_fell_app_fillable_form.pdf

All Sites
resolutions
@/WSMA/Events/Annual_Meeting/How_to_Write_a_Resolution/How_to_Write_a_Resolution

All Sites
Roadtrip
@/WSMA/Events/wsma_road_trip_washington

All Sites
SearchGoogle
@/Shared_Content/Google_Site_Search

All Sites
Support
@/Shared_Content/Footer/Donate

All Sites
vrc
@/WSMA/Membership/Discussion_Forums/virtual_reference_committees

All Sites
wampac
@/WSMA/Advocacy/WAMPAC/WAMPAC

All Sites
wampac-donate
@/WSMA/Advocacy/WAMPAC/Give_to_WAMPAC

All Sites
Weolc
@/WSMA/Resources/Advance_Care_Planning/Washington_End-of-Life_Coalition/Washington_End-of-Life_Coalition

All Sites
weolcmeeting
@/WSMA/Events/End_of_Life_Coalition_Annual_Meeting

All Sites
Why-Join-The-WSMA
@/WSMA/Membership/Why_Join_the_WSMA_/Why_Join_the_WSMA

All Sites
wsma-foundation
@/WSMA/About/WSMA_Foundation/WSMA_Foundation

All Sites
WSMAfoundation
@/WSMA/About/WSMA_Foundation/WSMA_Foundation

All Sites
wsma-publications
@/WSMA/News_Publications/Publications/Publications

All Sites
wsma-reports
@/WSMA/News_Publications/Publications/WSMA_Reports_Archive/WSMA_Reports_Archive

Staff
StaffEventsLanding
@/iCore/Staff_Dashboards/Events/Events_Dashboard

All Sites
ActivityProfile
@/iCore/Contacts/ContactLayouts/Activity_Profile
Used to display specific activity panels for a contact.

All Sites
AddContact
@/iCore/Contacts/SimpleAccountCreator
Used by Add link of Party Finder Adder.

All Sites
AdvancedAccountingConsole
@/iCore/Tools/AACPortal
Used to display the Advanced Accounting Console in a web browser.

All Sites
AutoPayFundraisingDashboard
@/iCore/Staff_Dashboards/AutoPay/Fundraising/Autopay_fundraising_dashboard
Used to display the AutoPay Fundraising dashboard.

All Sites
AutoPayMembershipDashboard
@/iCore/Staff_Dashboards/AutoPay/Membership/AutoPay_Membership_Dashboard
Used to display the AutoPay Membership dashboard.

All Sites
Cart
@/Shared_Content/Shop/OADCart_Home
Used to display cart.

All Sites
CommitteeDetail
@/iCore/Groups/Committee_Detail
Used for display committee group details.

All Sites
CommitteeDetailAdmin
@/iCore/Groups/Committee_Detail_Admin
Used to display committee group details for users authorized to administer the group.

All Sites
CommunicationPreferences
@/iCore/Contacts/ContactLayouts/Communication_Preferences
Used for communication preferences

All Sites
CreateAccount
@/Shared_Content/Contacts/CreateAccount
Used for creating a new account.

All Sites
CreateAccountSocialMedia
@/iCore/Contacts/CreateAccountSocialMedia
Used for creating a new account from social media.

All Sites
CreateCommunication
@/iCore/Communications/Create_Communication
Used to create and manage communications.

All Sites
EventDashboard
@/iCore/Staff_Dashboards/Specific_Event/Event_Dashboard
Used for displaying an event.

All Sites
EventDetail
@/Shared_Content/Events/Event_Display
Used for displaying an event.

All Sites
EventInvoiceReport
@/iCore/Staff_Dashboards/Specific_Event/Event_invoice_report
Used by the Event invoice report alert (the Print Invoice button in an event registration) to display an event invoice report.

All Sites
EventRegistrationDetail
@/iCore/Events/Registrations/Event_registration
Used to display the details of a contact's event registration.

All Sites
FullAccount
@/Shared_Content/Contacts/ContactLayouts/Account_Page_Staff
Used for displaying a staff view of a user account page.

All Sites
FunctionDetail
@/iCore/Events/Function_Display
Used for displaying a function.

All Sites
GiftDetail
@/iCore/Fundraising/Gift_Detail
Used for displaying a fundraising item.

All Sites
GiveNow
@/iMIS/Fundraising/GiveNow
Used for displaying the give now page.

All Sites
GroupDetail
@/iCore/Groups/Group_Detail
Used for displaying group details.

All Sites
ItemDetail
@/iCore/Store/StoreLayouts/Item_Detail
Used for displaying items.

All Sites
JoinNow
@/iSamples/Member/Benefits
Used for displaying the options to join as a member.

All Sites
MemberHome
@/iSamples/Member/MemberHome
Used for displaying the home page of signed in user.

All Sites
MyAccount
@/Shared_Content/Contacts/ContactLayouts/AccountPage
Used for displaying the account page a user sees when selecting their account.

All Sites
Organization
@/iCore/Contacts/OrganizationLayouts/Organization_Profile
Used for displaying a limited profile of an organization.

All Sites
OrganizationAccount
@/iCore/Contacts/OrganizationLayouts/CoAdmin/Account_Page
Used for displaying the account page of an organization which the user can edit.

All Sites
OrganizationFullAccount
@/iCore/Contacts/OrganizationLayouts/Account_Staff
Used to display the staff view of the organization account page.

All Sites
OrganizationJoin
@/iCore/Membership/Organization_Join
Used for displaying the organization join as a member page.

All Sites
OrganizationJoinNow
@/iCore/Membership/General_product_display_without_cart_button
Used for displaying the product for organization membership fees.

All Sites
PrintBatchTransactionDetails
@/iCore/Commerce/Batches/Batch_Transaction_Details_Report
Used to print a batch detail report from the View Batch page.

All Sites
PrintBatchTransactionDetailsByPaymentMethod
@/iCore/Commerce/Batches/Batch_Transaction_Details_by_Payment_Method_Report
Used to print a batch detail report for a particular payment method from the View Batch page.

All Sites
PrintBatchTransactionSummary
@/iCore/Commerce/Batches/Batch_Transaction_Summary_Report
Used to print a transaction summary report for a particular batch from the View Batch page.

All Sites
PrintBatchTransactionSummaryByPaymentMethod
@/iCore/Commerce/Batches/Batch_Transaction_Summary_by_Payment_Method_Report
Used to print a transaction summary report for a particular payment method from the View Batch page.

All Sites
PrintProfile
@/iCore/Contacts/ContactLayouts/Staff/Member_Profile
Destination for 'Print Info' button from a profile.

All Sites
ProductDisplay
@/iCore/Store/Product_Display
Used for displaying the product display list.

All Sites
Profile
@/Shared_Content/Contacts/ContactLayouts/Physician_Profile
Used for displaying a limited profile of a user.

All Sites
Search
@/iCore/Content/Content_Search
Used for displaying search results.

All Sites
SignIn
@/Shared_Content/Contacts/Sign-In-Form
Used for signing in.

All Sites
SignInCreateAccount
@/iCore/Contacts/Create_Account_no_Sign_In
Used for creating a new account from the Sign In ipart.

All Sites
StaffAddContact
@/iCore/Contacts/Create_Contact_Person_or_Org
Used in the Staff site Community area to add a contact.

All Sites
StaffCommerceLanding
@/iCore/Staff_Dashboards/Commerce/Commerce_Dashboard
Landing page for the Commerce area of the Staff site.

All Sites
StaffCommunityLanding
@/Shared_Content/Staff_Dashboards/Community_Dashboard
Landing page for the Community area of the Staff site.

All Sites
StaffEngagementLanding
@/iCore/Staff_Dashboards/Engagement/Engagement_dashboard
Landing page for the Engagement area of the Staff site.

All Sites
StaffEventsLanding
@/iCore/Staff_Dashboards/Events/Events_Dashboard
Landing page for the Events area of the Staff site.

All Sites
StaffFindContacts
@/iCore/Contacts/Directory
Used in the Staff site Community area to find contacts.

All Sites
StaffFindEvents
@/iCore/Events/Events_List
Used in the Staff site Events area to search for events.

All Sites
StaffFundraisingLanding
@/iCore/Staff_Dashboards/Fundraising/Fundraising_Overview_Dashboard
Landing page for the Fundraising area of the Staff site.

All Sites
StaffMembershipLanding
@/Shared_Content/Membership/Membership_Dashboard
Landing page for the Membership area of the Staff site.

All Sites
StaffMovesManagementLanding
@/iCore/Staff_Dashboards/Moves_management/OverallMovesManagement
Used to display the Moves Management dashboard.

All Sites
StaffOrgEngagement
@/iCore/Staff_Dashboards/Engagement/Organization/Engagement_dashboard
Engagement dashboard for organization engagement.

All Sites
StaffVolunteersLanding
@/iCore/Staff_Dashboards/Volunteers/Volunteers_dashboard
Landing page for the Volunteers area of the Staff site.

All Sites
Store
@/iCore/Store/StoreLayouts/Store_Home
Used for displaying products.

All Sites
UpdateAttendance
@/iCore/Events/Manage/Update_Attendance
Used to display the update attendance page
Staff
AdvancedEmailDashboard
@/iCore/Staff_Dashboards/Advanced_email/Advanced_Email_Dashboard
Used to display the advanced email dashboard.
Staff
CommunicationDashboard
@/iCore/Staff_Dashboards/Advanced_email/Communication_Dashboard
Used to display the advanced email communication dashboard.
Staff
JoinNow
@/iCore/Membership/Join_Billing_Cycles
Used for membership join in the staff site.
Staff
SignIn
@/iCore/Contacts/Staff_Sign_In
Used for signing in.

All Sites
ContentManagementTasks
~/Admin/Content_Management/Content_designer/View_task_list/iMIS/ContentManagement/TaskList.aspx

Annual Conference
EventDashboard
@/iCore/Staff_Dashboards/Specific_Event/Event_Dashboard
Used for displaying an event dashboard.

Annual Conference
EventInvoiceReport
@/iCore/Staff_Dashboards/Specific_Event/Event_invoice_report
Used by the Event invoice report alert (the Print Invoice button in an event registration) to display an event invoice report.

Annual Conference
OrganizationFullAccount
@/iCore/Contacts/OrganizationLayouts/Account_Staff
Used to display the staff view of the organization account page.

Annual Conference
Register
@/iSamples/AnnualConference/Registration
Register for the Annual Conference

Annual Conference
Store
@/iCore/Content/Search
Used for displaying products.

Annual Conference Mobile
Cart
@/iSamples/AnnualConferenceMobile/Cart_Home
Used to display cart.

Annual Conference Mobile
EventDashboard
@/iSamples/Mobile/Event_Display
Used for displaying an event.

Annual Conference Mobile
EventDetail
@/iSamples/Mobile/Event_Display
Used for displaying an event.

Annual Conference Mobile
EventInvoiceReport
@/iCore/Staff_Dashboards/Specific_Event/Event_invoice_report
Used by the Event invoice report alert (the Print Invoice button in an event registration) to display an event invoice report.

Annual Conference Mobile
FullAccount
@/iSamples/AnnualConferenceMobile/Profile
Used for displaying a staff view of a user account page.

Annual Conference Mobile
MyAccount
@/iSamples/AnnualConferenceMobile/Profile
Used for displaying the account page a user sees when selecting their account.

Annual Conference Mobile
Organization
@/iSamples/AnnualConferenceMobile/Profile
Used for displaying a limited profile of an organization.

Annual Conference Mobile
OrganizationAccount
@/iSamples/AnnualConferenceMobile/Profile
Used for displaying the account page of an organization which the user can edit.

Annual Conference Mobile
Profile
@/iSamples/AnnualConferenceMobile/Profile
Used for displaying a limited profile of a user.

Annual Conference Mobile
Search
@/iCore/Content/SearchLite
Used for displaying search results.


Donor
AddContact
@/iCore/Contacts/SimpleAccountCreator
Used by Add link of Party Finder Adder.

Donor
Cart
@/iCore/Store/StoreLayouts/Cart_Home
Used to display cart.

Donor
CommitteeDetail
@/iCore/Groups/Committee_Detail
Used for displaying committee group details.

Donor
CommitteeDetailAdmin
@/iCore/Groups/Committee_Detail_Admin
Used to display committee group details for users authorized to administer the group.

Donor
CreateAccount
@/iCore/Contacts/CreateAccount
Used for creating a new account.

Donor
CreateCommunication
@/iCore/Communications/Create_Communication
Used to create and manage communications.

Donor
EventDashboard
@/iCore/Staff_Dashboards/Specific_Event/Event_Dashboard
Used for displaying an event dashboard.

Donor
EventDetail
@/iCore/Events/Event_Display
Used for displaying an event.

Donor
EventInvoiceReport
@/iCore/Staff_Dashboards/Specific_Event/Event_invoice_report
Used by the Event invoice report alert (the Print Invoice button in an event registration) to display an event invoice report.

Donor
FullAccount
@/iCore/Contacts/ContactLayouts/Account_Page_Staff
Used for displaying a staff view of a user account page.

Donor
FunctionDetail
@/iCore/Events/Function_Display
Used for displaying a function.

Donor
GiftDetail
@/iCore/Fundraising/Gift_Detail
Used for displaying a fundraising item.

Donor
GiveNow
@/iCore/Fundraising/Donate_Now
Used for displaying the give now page.

Donor
GroupDetail
@/iCore/Groups/Group_Detail
Used for displaying group details.

Donor
ItemDetail
@/iCore/Store/StoreLayouts/Item_Detail
Used for displaying an item.

Donor
MyAccount
@/iCore/Contacts/ContactLayouts/AccountPage
Used for displaying the member's account page for the donor site

Donor
Organization
@/iCore/Contacts/OrganizationLayouts/Organization_Profile
Used for displaying a limited profile of an organization.

Donor
OrganizationAccount
@/iCore/Contacts/OrganizationLayouts/CoAdmin/Account_Page
Used for displaying the account page of an organization which the user can edit.

Donor
OrganizationFullAccount
@/iCore/Contacts/OrganizationLayouts/Account_Staff
Used to display the staff view of the organization account page.

Donor
ProductDisplay
@/iCore/Store/Product_Display
Used for displaying the product display list.

Donor
Profile
@/iCore/Contacts/ContactLayouts/Profile
Used for displaying a limited profile of a user.

Donor
Search
@/iCore/Content/Search
Used for displaying search results.

Donor
SignIn
@/iCore/Contacts/Sign_In
Used for signing in.

Donor
SignInCreateAccount
@/iCore/Contacts/Create_Account_no_Sign_In
Used for creating a new account from the Sign In ipart.

Donor
Store
@/iCore/Store/StoreLayouts/Store_Home
Used for displaying products.

Member
AddContact
@/iCore/Contacts/SimpleAccountCreator
Used by Add link of Party Finder Adder.

Member
Cart
@/iCore/Store/StoreLayouts/Cart_Home
Used to display cart.

Member
CommitteeDetail
@/iCore/Groups/Committee_Detail
Used for displaying committee group details.

Member
CommitteeDetailAdmin
@/iCore/Groups/Committee_Detail_Admin
Used to display committee group details for users authorized to administer the group.

Member
CreateAccount
@/iCore/Contacts/CreateAccount
Used for creating a new account.

Member
EventDashboard
@/iCore/Staff_Dashboards/Specific_Event/Event_Dashboard
Used for displaying an event dashboard.

Member
EventDetail
@/iCore/Events/Event_Display
Used for displaying an event.

Member
EventInvoiceReport
@/iCore/Staff_Dashboards/Specific_Event/Event_invoice_report
Used by the Event invoice report alert (the Print Invoice button in an event registration) to display an event invoice report.

Member
FullAccount
@/iCore/Contacts/ContactLayouts/Account_Page_Staff
Used for displaying a staff view of a user account page.

Member
FunctionDetail
@/iCore/Events/Function_Display
Used for displaying a function.

Member
GiftDetail
@/iCore/Fundraising/Gift_Detail
Used for displaying a fundraising item.

Member
GiveNow
@/iCore/Fundraising/Donate_Now
Used for displaying the give now page.

Member
GroupDetail
@/iCore/Groups/Group_Detail
Used for displaying group details.

Member
ItemDetail
@/iCore/Store/StoreLayouts/Item_Detail
Used for displaying an item.

Member
JoinNow
@/iSamples/Member/Benefits
Used for displaying the options to join as a member.

Member
MemberHome
@/iSamples/Member/MemberHome
Used for displaying the home page of signed in user.

Member
MyAccount
@/iCore/Contacts/ContactLayouts/AccountPage
Used for displaying the account page a user sees when selecting their account.

Member
Organization
@/iCore/Contacts/OrganizationLayouts/Organization_Profile
Used for displaying a limited profile of an organization.

Member
OrganizationAccount
@/iCore/Contacts/OrganizationLayouts/CoAdmin/Account_Page
Used for displaying the account page of an organization which the user can edit.

Member
OrganizationFullAccount
@/iCore/Contacts/OrganizationLayouts/Account_Staff
Used to display the staff view of the organization account page.

Member
OrganizationJoin
@/iCore/Membership/Organization_Join
Used for displaying the organization join as a member page.

Member
OrganizationJoinNow
@/iCore/Membership/General_product_display_without_cart_button
Used for displaying the product for organization membership fees.

Member
ProductDisplay
@/iCore/Store/Product_Display
Used for displaying the product display list.

Member
Profile
@/iCore/Contacts/ContactLayouts/Profile
Used for displaying a limited profile of a user.

Member
Search
@/iCore/Content/Search
Used for displaying search results

Member
SignIn
@/iCore/Contacts/Sign_In
Used for signing in.

Member
SignInCreateAccount
@/iCore/Contacts/Create_Account_no_Sign_In
Used for creating a new account from the Sign In ipart.

Member
Store
@/iCore/Store/StoreLayouts/Store_Home
Used for displaying products.

Member Mobile
AddContact
@/iCore/Contacts/SimpleAccountCreator
Used by Add link of Party Finder Adder.

Member Mobile
Cart
@/iSamples/Mobile/Store/Cart_Home
Used to display cart.

Member Mobile
CommitteeDetail
@/iCore/Groups/Committee_Detail
Used for displaying committee group details.

Member Mobile
CommitteeDetailAdmin
@/iCore/Groups/Committee_Detail_Admin
Used to display committee group details for users authorized to administer the group.

Member Mobile
CreateAccount
@/iSamples/Mobile/Contact_Management/Create_Account
Used for creating a new account.

Member Mobile
EventDashboard
@/iSamples/Mobile/Event_Display
Used for displaying an event.

Member Mobile
EventDetail
@/iSamples/Mobile/Event_Display
Used for displaying an event.

Member Mobile
EventInvoiceReport
@/iCore/Staff_Dashboards/Specific_Event/Event_invoice_report
Used by the Event invoice report alert (the Print Invoice button in an event registration) to display an event invoice report.

Member Mobile
FullAccount
@/iSamples/Mobile/Contact_Management/My_Account
Used for displaying a staff view of a user account page.

Member Mobile
FunctionDetail
@/iCore/Events/Function_Display
Used for displaying a function.

Member Mobile
GiftDetail
@/iCore/Fundraising/Gift_Detail
Used for displaying a fundraising item.

Member Mobile
GroupDetail
@/iCore/Groups/Group_Detail
Used for displaying group details.

Member Mobile
ItemDetail
@/iCore/Store/StoreLayouts/Item_Detail
Used for displaying an item.

Member Mobile
MyAccount
@/iSamples/Mobile/Contact_Management/My_Account
Used for displaying the account page a user sees when selecting their account.

Member Mobile
Organization
@/iSamples/Mobile/Contact_Management/Organization_Profile
Used for displaying a limited profile of an organization.

Member Mobile
OrganizationAccount
@/iSamples/Mobile/Contact_Management/Organization_Profile
Used for displaying the account page of an organization which the user can edit.

Member Mobile
ProductDisplay
@/iCore/Store/Product_Display
Used for displaying the product display list.

Member Mobile
Profile
@/iSamples/Mobile/Contact_Management/Profile
Used for displaying a limited profile of a user.

Member Mobile
Search
@/iCore/Content/SearchLite
Used for displaying search results.

Member Mobile
SignIn
@/iSamples/Mobile/Contact_Management/Sign_In
Used for signing in.

Member Mobile
SignInCreateAccount
@/iCore/Contacts/Create_Account_no_Sign_In
Used for creating a new account from the Sign In ipart.

Member Mobile
Store
@/iCore/Content/Search
Used for displaying products.

Member Responsive
AddContact
@/iCore/Contacts/SimpleAccountCreator
Used by Add link of Party Finder Adder.

Member Responsive
Cart
@/iCore/Store/StoreLayouts/Cart_Home
Used to display cart.

Member Responsive
CommitteeDetail
@/iCore/Groups/Committee_Detail
Used for displaying committee group details.

Member Responsive
CommitteeDetailAdmin
@/iCore/Groups/Committee_Detail_Admin
Used to display committee group details for users authorized to administer the group.

Member Responsive
CreateAccount
@/iCore/Contacts/CreateAccount
Used for creating a new account.

Member Responsive
EventDashboard
@/iCore/Staff_Dashboards/Specific_Event/Event_Dashboard
Used for displaying an event for staff users.

Member Responsive
EventDetail
@/iSamples/MemberR/Event_Display
Used for displaying an event.

Member Responsive
EventInvoiceReport
@/iCore/Staff_Dashboards/Specific_Event/Event_invoice_report
Used by the Event invoice report alert (the Print Invoice button in an event registration) to display an event invoice report.

Member Responsive
FullAccount
@/iCore/Contacts/ContactLayouts/Account_Page_Staff
Used for displaying a staff view of a user account page.

Member Responsive
FunctionDetail
@/iCore/Events/Function_Display
Used for displaying a function.

Member Responsive
GiftDetail
@/iCore/Fundraising/Gift_Detail
Used for displaying a fundraising item.

Member Responsive
GroupDetail
@/iCore/Groups/Group_Detail
Used for displaying group details.

Member Responsive
JoinNow
@/iSamples/MemberR/Contact_Management/Membership
Used for displaying the options to join as a member.

Member Responsive
MyAccount
@/iCore/Contacts/ContactLayouts/AccountPage
Used for displaying the account page a user sees when selecting their account.

Member Responsive
Organization
@/iCore/Contacts/OrganizationLayouts/Organization_Profile
Used for displaying a limited profile of an organization.

Member Responsive
OrganizationAccount
@/iCore/Contacts/OrganizationLayouts/CoAdmin/Account_Page
Used for displaying the account page of an organization which the user can edit.

Member Responsive
OrganizationFullAccount
@/iCore/Contacts/OrganizationLayouts/Account_Staff
Used to display the staff view of the organization account page.

Member Responsive
OrganizationJoin
@/iCore/Membership/Organization_Join
Used for displaying the organization join as a member page.

Member Responsive
OrganizationJoinNow
@/iCore/Membership/General_product_display_without_cart_button
Used for displaying the product for organization membership fees.

Member Responsive
ProductDisplay
@/iCore/Store/Product_Display
Used for displaying the product display list.

Member Responsive
Profile
@/iCore/Contacts/ContactLayouts/Profile
Used for displaying a limited profile of a user.

Member Responsive
Search
@/iCore/Content/Search
Used for displaying search results.

Member Responsive
SignIn
@/iCore/Contacts/Sign_In
Used for signing in.

Member Responsive
SignInCreateAccount
@/iCore/Contacts/Create_Account_no_Sign_In
Used for creating a new account from the Sign In ipart.

Member Responsive
Store
@/iCore/Store/StoreLayouts/Store_Home
Used for displaying products.
